Milestones and Planning (taken from https://wms.cs.kuleuven.be/dtai/edu/guidelines-for-dtai-thesis-students 22/12/2022)

Successfully completing the thesis requires completing the following milestones. Upload the deliverable (e.g., presentation, poster) to the Toledo wiki immediately after you complete it.

M1: Thesis Kick off Presentation During the last week of September or first week of October it will be uploaded an introductory DTAI seminar describing what is expected of the thesis. (Announcement: The deadline for this activity is the 28/10)

M2: First Intermediate Presentation You will concretely define the research goal to be tackled in the thesis. Max: 10 minutes and 5 slides. Normally, this occurs by the end of October.

M3: Second Intermediate Presentation You will describe the context of the research problem, discuss initial results, and sketch your planning. 15 minute presentation. Normally, this occurs around the end of December.

M4: Draft Introduction By the end of February, you should provide a draft of your introduction to your daily supervisor.

M5: Third Intermediate Presentation You will describe the context of the research problem, discusses initial results, and sketches the planning. 15 minute presentation. Normally, this occurs at the end of March.

M6: Poster Event This is only for Masters of Computer Science students. You will prepare and present a poster about your research in the beginning of May.

M7: DTAI Seminars. Over the course of the academic year, you are expected to attend 8, including the introductory one mentioned in M1. For each seminar, the student will complete a feedback form.

M8: Finalize Submission Plan Ask your promotor for the green light to hand in your thesis at two weeks before the submission deadline.

M9: Submit Thesis Submit the thesis via the appropriate channels.

M10: Defend Thesis The academic secretary will schedule the defense time and location. This occurs at the end of June. 

The default is to submit and defend in June. If you plan to deviate from this (and alternatively plan to defend in September), you must discuss this with your daily supervisor at least two weeks prior to the deadline. You must inform Lenny Verkoelen when you plan to submit the thesis. Refer to the faculty (Faculty of Engineering Science, Faculty of Science) and departmental (CW, CS, MTI) guidelines for the exact date of submission.
